Rootstock-foundry-starterkit automated update of documentation 2025-07-16-13-48-25 (#364)
rsksmart/devportal: rif/rns/libs/javascript/Errors.md

**Message**: The resolver does not implement setChainAddr method

**Description**: Domain resolver should implement [`setChainAddr`](/rif/rns/architecture/MultiCryptoResolver#setchainaddr) interface.

## `KB025`

**Message**: The contenthash protocol is not supported

> **Description**: The contentsh associated to the given domain could not be decoded because it has an invalid protocol. The `protocolType` must be `ipfs`, `bzz`, `onion` or `onion3`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Description**: The contenthash associated with the given domain could not be decoded because it has an invalid protocol. The `protocolType` must be `ipfs`, `bzz`, `onion`, or `onion3`.
```

## `KB026`

**Message**: No contenthash resolution set

**Description**: The given domain has a supported resolver, but the contenthash for the given domain has not been set

## `KB027`

**Message**: No contenthash interface

> **Description**: The resolver does not implement the contentash interface

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Description**: The resolver does not implement the contenthash interface
```
